Updated example. Updated wording. Clarified additional example. (#1131)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/request-reply-scope.adoc

= Request-Reply Scope
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: request reply, asynchronous

> The Request-Reply Scope enables you to embed a pocket of asynchronous processing within a flow. This functionality enables you to receive a response from an asynchronous flow without hardcoding the destination of the response. +

Reviewer: I looked this up and saw it capitalized two ways: Request-Reply scope or request-reply scope.
Which do you think is most common or the MuleSoft preferred version?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Request-Reply scope enables you to embed a pocket of asynchronous processing within a flow, so that you can receive a response from an asynchronous flow without hardcoding the destination of the response. +
```

> For example, you can use request-reply to convert a one-way VM or JMS connector flow to a request-response flow without having to change it's configuration. The request-reply converts part of a synchronous process into an asynchronous one.

Reviewer: it's > its
```suggestion
For example, you can use request-reply to convert a one-way VM or JMS connector flow to a request-response flow without having to change its configuration. The request-reply converts part of a synchronous process into an asynchronous one.
```

> == Basic Anatomy

Reviewer: I just spotted this while skimming down to the new text, and I recall seeing this heading in another job, so I am guessing that it appears in more than one doc? 
I can't remember my advice from that first instance, but I think we want to refer to "architecture" rather than "anatomy." You might share with your team if this is something common in the doc set.

* The *reply* section. +
It wraps an inbound connector that receives an asynchronous response from another flow or an external resource

When the message reaches the processor inside the request section of the Request-Reply scope, Mule runtime engine (Mule) sends an asynchronous request to the outbound endpoint's path, triggering the process of the remote resource. +

> After that processing is complete, Mule sends the response back to the path defined in the processor's inbound endpoint in the reply section of the scope.

Reviewer: "sends the response back to" > "returns the response" (translation)
```suggestion
After that processing is complete, Mule returns the response to the path defined in the processor's inbound endpoint in the reply section of the scope.
```

  <logger message="#[payload]" level="INFO"/>
</flow>
----
<1> After receiving an HTTP request, the VM outbound-endpoint processor sends the message to the `/request` path.
<1> The VM inbound-endpoint processor with the `/request` path configured receives the message, triggering the requestFlow processing.

> <1> After `requestFlow` finishes processing, Mule automatically sends the message back to VM inbound-endpoint in the reply section of the Request-Reply scope.

Reviewer: edits for consistency with same sentence above:
```suggestion
<1> After `requestFlow` finishes processing, Mule automatically returns the message to VM inbound endpoint in the reply section of the Request-Reply scope.
```

Reviewer: Why do the previous steps use <1> formatting rather than . formatting?

To achieve this behavior, Mule implicitly sets a `MULE_REPLYTO` message property to point to the processor in the reply section of the scope. +

> In this case, the VM inbound-endpoint processor in requestFlow's source receives the message with the `MULE_REPLYTO_REQUESTOR` property set to `"reply"`, so Mule sends the resulting message (or messages) back to the requester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the VM inbound-endpoint processor in the requestFlow source receives the message with the `MULE_REPLYTO_REQUESTOR` property set to `"reply"`, so Mule returns the resulting message (or messages) to the requester.
```

Reviewer: Are the quotation marks around "reply" part of the syntax? Just checking; you don't have to answer.

== Using VM Connectors in the Requested Flow

> Consider a scenario where you have a Request-Reply scope and the requested flow has a VM outbound endpoint at the end pointing to a different flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a scenario in which you have a Request-Reply scope and the requested flow has a VM outbound endpoint at the end, pointing to a different flow.
```
Do we have to say that the endpoint is at the end? I'm guessing that we do, because endpoints can be at the beginning as well, but I am just verifying with you.

> In this case, the VM processor inside the reply scope still receives the message (or messages) from the triggered flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the VM processor inside the reply scope still receives the message or messages from the triggered flow.
```

To disable this behavior, you must set the `MULE_REPLYTO_STOP` variable to `true`:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="sampleFlow">
  <http:listener config-ref="HTTP_Listener_Configuration" path="/start"/>
  <request-reply doc:name="Request-Reply">
   <vm:outbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="slice"/>
   <vm:inbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="complete" />
  </request-reply>
</flow>

<flow name="slicerFlow">
  <vm:inbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="slice" />
  <!-- Set Variable MULE_REPLYTO_STOP = true -->
  <set-variable variableName="MULE_REPLYTO_STOP" value="true" /> //<1>
  <collection-splitter />
  <vm:outbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="enhance" />
</flow>

<flow name="enhancerFlow">
  <vm:inbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="enhance" />
  <collection-aggregator failOnTimeout="true" />
  <vm:outbound-endpoint exchange-pattern="one-way" path="complete" />
</flow>
----

> <1> Setting `MULE_REPLYTO_STOP` to `true`, prevents Mule from configuring the `MULE_REPLYTO_REQUESTOR` property in the received message.

Reviewer: no comma
```suggestion
<1> Setting `MULE_REPLYTO_STOP` to `true` prevents Mule from configuring the `MULE_REPLYTO_REQUESTOR` property in the received message.
```

== Limitations

> You can't use transactions in VM and JMS connectors inside a request-reply scope. Transactions are not compatible with the way the request-reply scope works.

Reviewer: Note that this text uses lowercase for "request-reply scope."

After reading through this, I think we want to refer to/name the scope "the Request-Reply scope" but can then refer to "request-reply" by itself (without "the" or "scope"). Does that make sense?

The request-reply scope does not send a request until a transaction is committed, and a transaction in turn is not committed until the entire flow executes, including the execution of the request-reply scope. This leads to a situation where both processes block each other. +

> Mule cannot execute the complete flow because it's still waiting for the reply on the request-reply scope, but this reply never arrives because the request is not sent until the transaction is committed.

Reviewer: ditto (also global)
